[Content] Coalition: Big Finisher Launcher (#6943)
endless-sky/endless-sky: data/coalition/coalition weapons.txt

	"velocity scale" -.2

> outfit "Finisher Maegrolain"

Reviewer: Actually I'll just move it myself because this otherwise looks good to me.

	category "Secondary Weapons"
	licenses
		Heliarch
	cost 7260000
	thumbnail "outfit/finisher maegrolain"

> 	"mass" 40

Reviewer 2: Outfit space used = 88
Finisher capacity = 120
Finisher mass = 0.5
120 * 0.5 = 60
88 - 60 = 28
```suggestion
	"mass" 28
```

Author: Didn't know there was a calc for it. Thanks.

	"outfit space" -88
	"weapon capacity" -88
	"gun ports" -1
	"finisher capacity" 60
	weapon
		sprite "projectile/finisher activating"
			"frame rate" 1
			"no repeat"
		sound "finisher"
		ammo "Finisher Torpedo"
		icon "icon/finisher"
		"fire effect" "finisher sparks" 8
		"hit effect" "finisher impact" 2
		"hit effect" "finisher fragment" 12
		"die effect" "finisher fragment" 6
		"inaccuracy" 6
		"velocity" 9
		"lifetime" 60
		"reload" 60
		"burst reload" 15
		"burst count" 20
		"firing energy" 184
		"firing heat" 76
		"acceleration" .8
		"drag" .1
		"turn" 0.1
		"homing" 2
		"radar tracking" .8
		"missile strength" 50
		"submunition" "Active Finisher" 1

> 	description `Baptized with the Saryd word for "furious thunderstorm," this enormous launcher is not meant for prolonged fights nor for use by lighter craft, but for delivering a few quick, devastating bursts of Finisher torpedoes, having much greater damage potential than its smaller counterpart.`

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
	description `Baptized with the Saryd word for "furious thunderstorm," this enormous launcher is not meant for prolonged fights nor for use by lighter craft, but for delivering a few quick, devastating bursts of Finisher torpedoes. It has much greater damage potential than its smaller counterpart.`
```
